Version 1.10.0
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

This release adds the following features:

* New built-in :ref:`transport_sharedMemory_sharedMemory`
* Transport API refactored to support locator iterators
* Added subscriber API to retrieve info of first non-taken sample
* Added parameters to fully avoid dynamic allocations
* History of built-in endpoints can be configured
* Bump to FastCDR v1.0.13.
* Bump to Fast-RTPS-Gen v1.0.4.
* Require CMake 3.5 but use policies from 3.13

It also includes the following bug fixes and improvements:

* Fixed alignment on parameter lists
* Fixed error sending more than 256 fragments.
* Fix handling of STRICT_REALTIME.
* Fixed submessage_size calculation on last data_frag.
* Solved an issue when recreating a publishing participant with the same GUID.
* Solved an issue where a publisher could block on write for a long time when a new
  subscriber (late joiner) is matched, if the publisher had already sent a large number
  of messages.
* Correctly handling the case where lifespan expires at the same time on several samples.
* Solved some issues regarding liveliness on writers with no readers.
* Correctly removing changes from histories on keyed topics.
* Not reusing cache change when sample does not fit.
* Fixed custom wait_until methods when time is in the past.
* Several data races and ABBA locks fixed.
* Reduced CPU and memory usage.
* Reduced flakiness of liveliness tests.
* Allow for more use cases on performance tests.

Several bug fixes on discovery server:

* Fixed local host communications.
* Correctly trimming server history.
* Fixed backup server operation.
* Fixed timing issues.

**Note:** If you are upgrading from a version older than 1.7.0, it is **required** to regenerate generated source
from IDL files using *fastrtpsgen*.
If you are upgrading from a version older than 1.10.0, regenerating the code is *recommended*.
