Version 1.8.0
^^^^^^^^^^^^^

This release included the following features:

* Implementation of IDL 4.2.
* Implementation of :ref:`deadlineqospolicy` QoS.
* Implementation of :ref:`lifespanqospolicy` QoS.
* Implementation of :ref:`disablepositiveacksqospolicy` QoS.
* Secure sockets on TCP transport (:ref:`transport_tcp_tls`).

It also adds the following improvements and bug fixes:

* Real-time improvements: non-blocking write calls for best-effort writers, addition of fixed size strings,
  fixed size bitmaps, resource limited vectors, etc.
* Duration parameters now use nanoseconds.
* Configuration of participant mutation tries.
* Automatic calculation of the port when a value of 0 is received on the endpoint custom locators.
* Non-local addresses are now filtered from whitelists.
* Optimization of check for acked status for stateful writers.
* Linked libs are now not exposed when the target is a shared lib.
* Limitation on the domain ID has been added.
* UDP non-blocking send is now optional and configurable via XML.
* Fix for non-deterministic tests.
* Fix for ReaderProxy history being reloaded incorrectly in some cases.
* Fix for RTPS domain hostid being potentially not unique.
* Fix for participants with different lease expiration times failing to reconnect.

**Known issues**

* When using TPC transport, sometimes callbacks are not invoked when removing a participant due to a bug in ASIO.

**Note:** If you are upgrading from a version older than 1.7.0, it is **required** to regenerate generated source
from IDL files using *fastrtpsgen*.
