`Version 2.14.4 (latest) <https://fast-dds.docs.eprosima.com/en/v2.14.4/index.html>`_
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. important::

    Fast DDS v2.14 will be the last minor version of Fast DDS v2, the next major release will be Fast DDS
    v3.0.0, stay tuned!

# Fast DDS v2.14.4

This release includes the following **features** in an ABI compatible manner:

#. Add unsigned specification to literals.
#. Allow running CI on external contributions.
#. Add references to new nightly jobs per supported branch in README.

This release includes the following **improvements**:

#. Add Ubuntu weekly CI.
#. Fix Windows CI and add vanilla build step in Ubuntu CI.
#. Use eProsima-CI action to install Qt.
#. Modify help command of XML CLI tool.
#. Update commercial support section in README.

This release includes the following **fixes**:

#. Mitigate LogTests.flush_n flakiness.
#. Mitigate buffer recover test flakiness on mac.
#. Fix Python version in sanitizers CI.
#. Fix oss-fuzz build.
#. Fix warning in oss-fuzz build.
#. Change monitor service writer entity ID.
#. Solve SecurityManager memory issue.
#. Fix issue with exclusive ownership and unordered samples.
#. Fix data race in TypeObjectFactory::get_instance.
#. Hotfix: Secure simple participants with initialpeers over TCP match.
#. Remove double // in some installation paths.
#. Discard changes with big key-only payload and no key hash.
#. Fix DataReaderHistory regression.
#. Fix Secure Discovery Server client disposals GUID and handshake_handle assertion.
#. Fix issues in Dynamic Network Interfaces.
#. Check if SHM transport is disabled in LARGE_DATA modes.
#. Release participant_stateless secure builtin writer history change when authentication has finished.
#. Improve OpenSSL lifecycle handling.
#. Fix destruction data race on participant removal in intra-process.
#. Be less strict with parameter lengths.
#. Regenerate types with Fast DDS-Gen v3.3.1.

.. note::

    When upgrading to version 2.14.4 it is **advisable** to regenerate generated source from IDL files
    using `Fast DDS-Gen v3.3.1 <https://github.com/eProsima/Fast-DDS-Gen/releases/tag/v3.3.1>`_.
