`Version 2.14.2 <https://fast-dds.docs.eprosima.com/en/v2.14.2/index.html>`_
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. important::

    Fast DDS v2.14 is the last minor version of Fast DDS v2, take a look at Fast DDS v3!

This release includes the following **features** in an ABI compatible manner:

#. Set :ref:`DataSharing Qos policy<datasharingqospolicy>` in transmitted ``WriterProxyData`` and ``ReaderProxyData``.
#. New :ref:`max_message_size<use-case-large-data-options>` property to limit the output datagrams size.
#. Add XML configuration for :ref:`flow-controllers`.

This release includes the following **improvements**:

#. Repository & CI improvements.
#. Do not require ``PYTHON_VERSION`` to be defined. in .bat files.
#. Use ``%*`` instead of loop in ``.bat`` scripts.
#. Use absolute paths when loading XML files.
#. Bump Fast CDR submodule to version 2.2.2.

This release includes the following **fixes**:

#. Handle errors when setting socket buffer sizes.
#. Do not require Fast CDR v2 in examples.
#. Fix :ref:`transport_sharedMemory_sharedMemory` buffer recovery MacOS flaky test.
#. Automatically unmatch remote participants on participant deletion.
#. Bugfix: correct :ref:`liveliness<livelinessqospolicy>` state in a multiple reader - one writer scenario.
#. Only apply :ref:`content filter<dds_layer_topic_contentFilteredTopic>` to ALIVE changes.
#. Properly delete builtin statistics writers upon :func:`delete_contained_entities`.
#. Fix doxygen warning about undocumented ``@param`` in deleted functions.
#. Correctly initialize ``MatchingFailureMask`` constants to be used with the ``std::bitset`` API.
#. Fix :ref:`Discovery Server<discovery_server>` not connecting due to ports logic.

.. note::

    When upgrading to version 2.14.2 it is **advisable** to regenerate generated source from IDL files
    using `Fast DDS-Gen v3.3.0 <https://github.com/eProsima/Fast-DDS-Gen/releases/tag/v3.3.0>`_.
