`Version 2.13.0 <https://fast-dds.docs.eprosima.com/en/v2.13.0/index.html>`_
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. note::

  This release upgrades the following Fast DDS dependencies:

  * `Fast CDR v2.1.2 <https://github.com/eProsima/Fast-CDR/releases/tag/v2.1.2>`_
  * `Fast DDS-Gen v3.2.0 <https://github.com/eProsima/Fast-DDS-Gen/releases/tag/v3.2.0>`_

This release includes the following **features**:

1. Support :ref:`Monitor Service<monitor_service>`.
2. Enable configuration of :ref:`thread settings<threadsettingsqos>` for all threads
   (both through the C++ API and XML configuration files).
3. Support `Autofill port` (automatic assignment of a port) for :ref:`TCP Transport<transport_tcp_tcp>` listening port.
4. Support :ref:`TCP for Discovery Server<use-case-tcp-discovery-server>` CLI and environment variable.
5. Usage of gtest_discover_tests.
6. Define a :ref:`super client<env_vars_ros_super_client>` by environment variable.
7. Support adding interfaces to the :ref:`interface whitelist<whitelist-interfaces>` by the name.
8. Add new methods to configure :ref:`Builtin Transport<transport_tcp_enabling>`.
9. Support `DataRepresentationQos`.
10. Change serialize function default behavior to omit the data representation.
11. Upgrade Fast CDR submodule to v2.1.2.
12. Update roadmap & platforms support.

This release includes the following **improvements**:

1. Rerun failed tests with ctest option instead of colcon's.
2. Add CCache to all CI jobs.

This release includes the following **fixes**:

1. **Fast DDS bugfixes**

    1. Fix compilation of `XMLProfileParserTests` when building without security.
    2. Improve `IgnoreNonExistentSegment` test for Windows.
    3. Add missing thread includes.
    4. Fix warning in Mac rewarding unnecessary lambda capture.
    5. Use `SO_EXCLUSIVEADDRUSE` for Win32 unicast listening sockets.
    6. Fix gtest discovery timeout.
    7. Mark `on_participant_discovery` overload removal.
    8. Fix uninitialized member in `BuiltinAttributes` class.
    9. Fix set affinity directive for Android.
    10. Fix Monitor Service types & test without security.
    11. Fix TCP deadlock on channel reuse.
    12. Fix DNS filter in `CMakeLists` file for tests.
    13. Fix memory issues related to ciphering payload.
    14. Fix a bad-free when receiving a malformed `DATA_FRAG` submessage.
    15. Fix CVE-2023-50257.
    16. Fix compilation of Fast DDS Python tests.
    17. Fix data race on writer destruction while sending heartbeat.
    18. Fix build with TLS, when `SECURITY=OFF` and `NO_TLS=OFF`.

2. CI fixes:

    1. Fix colcon on github CI.
    2. Better handling of trigger events in docs CI.

.. note::
  When upgrading to version 2.13.0 it is **advisable** to regenerate generated source from IDL files
  using `Fast DDS-Gen v3.2.0 <https://github.com/eProsima/Fast-DDS-Gen/releases/tag/v3.2.0>`_.
