Version 2.4.0 (EOL)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

This minor release is API compatible with the previous minor release, but introduces **ABI breaks** on
two of the three public APIs:

* Methods and attributes have been added on several classes of the DDS-PIM high-level API, so indexes of
  symbols on dynamic libraries may have changed.

* Methods and attributes have been added on several classes of the RTPS low-level API, so indexes of
  symbols on dynamic libraries may have changed.

* Old Fast-RTPS high-level API remains ABI compatible.

This minor release includes the following **features**:

* :ref:`Conditions and Wait-sets <dds_layer_core_waitsets>` implementation.
* :ref:`Flow controllers <flow-controllers>`.
* :ref:`Configure Discovery Server locators using names <DS_dns_name>`.
* :ref:`Modifying remote servers list at run time <DS_modify_server_list>`.
* :ref:`Environment file override <env_vars_fastdds_environment_file>`.

It also includes the following **improvements**:

* Allow setting custom folder for :ref:`data-sharing <datasharing-delivery>` files.
* Allow setting persistence guid with static discovery.
* Check for NDEBUG in logInfo.
* Removed old unused CMake code.
* Fixed TLS behavior on TCP example.
* Prepare API for easy integration of python bindings.
* Improved statistics performance.

Some important **bugfixes** are also included:

* Fixed order of returned samples on topics with keys.
* Allow updating partitions to an empty set.
* Correctly propagate DomainParticipantQos updates.
* Avoid a volatile data-sharing reader to block a writer.
* Correctly give priority to intra-process over data-sharing.
* Fixed reallocation issue on LivelinessManager.
* Fixed deadline issue on volatile DataWriter
* Fixed STRICT_REALTIME silently not active with Unix POSIX systems.
* Fixed build errors with OpenSSL 3.0

.. note::
  If you are upgrading from a version older than 1.7.0, it is **required** to regenerate generated source from IDL
  files using *fastddsgen*.
  If you are upgrading from any older version, regenerating the code is *highly recommended*.
