`Version 3.0.0 (latest) <https://fast-dds.docs.eprosima.com/en/v3.0.0/index.html>`_
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

This release includes the following **API** breaks:

#. XTypes refactor:

    #. Regenerated IDL files with types header-only fastddsgen version.
    #. Implementation of ``DynamicType``.
    #. Implementation of ``TypeLookup`` listeners.
    #. Implementation of ``DynamicTypeBuilderFactoryImpl::create_type_w_type_object``.
    #. Re-implementation of ``TypeObjectRegistry`` and ``TypeObjectUtils`` classes.
    #. Partial implementation of X-Types1.3.
    #. Structure ``DynamicType`` inheritance from ``TypeObject``.
    #. Automatic ``TypeObject`` representation registration for ``DynamicTypes``.
    #. Refactor ``TypeObjectRegistry``.
    #. Fix proxy block in ``TypeLookup`` service.
    #. Added Annotation dependencies.
    #. Dynamic language binding tests.
    #. Improve X-Types interoperability.
    #. Only signed integers are allowed in Dynamic Language Binding enumerations.
    #. Refactor XML Parser to return ``DynamicTypeBuilder`` instead of ``DynamicType``.
    #. Make more flexible ``EDP::valid_matching`` with ``TypeInformation``.
    #. Serialization of ``DynamicData`` to JSON.
    #. Serialization of ``DynamicType`` to IDL.
    #. Fixes for indirect hashes dependencies.
    #. Add missing ``DynamicType`` includes.
    #. Add new tests for testing new key hash calculation according to DDS-XTypes 1.3.
    #. Support ``Type-Lookup`` Service with new new GUID-less Discovery Server.

#. Migration from RTPS to DDS:

    #. Migrate fastrtps namespace to fastdds.
    #. Migrate classes from ``include/fastrtps`` to ``include/fastdds``.
    #. Remove ``include/fastrtps``.
    #. Migrate ``fixed_size_string`` file from fastrtps to fastcdr.
    #. Migrate ``ResourceManagement`` to rtps attributes API.
    #. Remove ``RTPSParticipant`` listener overloaded callbacks.
    #. Move ``Time_t`` to dds namespace and some attributes to ``xmlparser``.
    #. Migrate communication tests.
    #. Remove deprecated fastrtps tests.

#. Make private previously public API:

    #. Make private the necessary headers from ``include/fastrtps``.
    #. Make XML Parser API private.
    #. Remove all redundant headers from ``include/fastrtps``.
    #. Make RTPS messages headers private.
    #. Make RTPS reader implementation private.
    #. Make RTPS writer implementation private.
    #. Make security private.
    #. Make ``NetworkConfiguration`` private.
    #. Make ``ResourceEvent`` private.
    #. Make ``TimedEvent`` private.
    #. Remove ``WriterProxyData`` from public APIs.
    #. Remove ``ReaderProxyData`` from public APIs.
    #. Remove ``TopicAttributes`` from public APIs and make it private in ``xmlparser``.
    #. Remove unnecessary header and make private ``SecurityException`` and ``Exception``.
    #. Make ``ChangeForReader``, ``ReaderLocator``, and ``ReaderProxy`` private.
    #. Make Blackbox tests not include any private API.

#. Fastrtps package name migration to fastdds:

    #. Branch-out to v3.0.0.
    #. Migrate DLL API exporter and auto linkage to fastdds.
    #. Change windows file names.
    #. Migrate ``fastrtps.rc`` to ``fastdds.rc``.

#. GUIDLess Discovery Server.
#. Gather-send implementation.
#. Refactor ``IPayloadPool``.
#. Participant discovery structures refactor.
#. Make all public headers .hpp.
#. ``const`` qualify all data related inputs in DataWriter APIs.
#. Refactor RTPS reader APIs.
#. Refactor RTPS writer APIs.
#. Refactor RTPS ``WriterHistory``.
#. Refactor ``TopicDataType``.
#. Make ``StdoutErrConsumer`` default ``LogConsumer``.
#. All ``DataWriter::write`` overloads return ``ReturnCode_t`` type.
#. Add XML configuration for ``FlowControllerDescriptor`` and remove ``ThroughputController``.
#. Move ``DataReader::TypeConsistencyEnforcement`` and ``DataReader::DataRepresentation`` from ``TypeConsistency`` to ``DataReaderQos``.
#. Migrate ``BuiltinEndpoints`` defines to variables.
#. Remove ``string_convert`` header and source.
#. Update Fast DDS docs QoS examples.
#. Link SHM locator kind with Fast DDS major version.

#. Examples refactor for a more clear, homogeneous, and didactic explanation of several features.

    #. Examples refactor: Hello World.
    #. X-Types examples.
    #. Examples refactor: Configuration.
    #. Example refactor: Content filter.
    #. Example refactor: Custom payload pool.
    #. Examples refactor: Delivery mechanisms.
    #. Example refactor: Discovery Server.
    #. Examples refactor: Flow Controller.
    #. Example Refactor: Request-Reply.
    #. Examples refactor: Static EDP discovery.
    #. Example refactor: Security.
    #. Examples refactor: Topic Instances.
    #. Example refactor: RTPS.
    #. Fix non-defined duration Qos in configuration example.
    #. Fix flakiness on test with participants in the same container.
    #. Split example tests in different ctest tests.
    #. Fix lack of entity argument issue in configuration example.

This release includes the following **features** in an ABI compatible manner:

#. Type propagation policy.
#. Create Participant with default profile (use environment XML configuration).
#. Create ``DomainParticipantExtendedQos`` class.
#. Add product version on Participant Discovery information.
#. Automatically unmatch remote participants on participant deletion.
#. Refactor Statistics module IDL.
#. Change PDP discovery database backup restore order.
#. Create ``InitialConnection`` for TCP initial peers.
#. New ``max_message_size`` property to limit output datagrams size.
#. Use ``PID_DOMAIN_ID`` during PDP.
#. Ubuntu example testing automation infrastructure.
#. Update versions in fastdds.repos file.

This release includes the following **improvements**:

#. Make ``DataReader::return_loan`` return ``RETCODE_OK`` on loanable sequences without loans.
#. Use absolute paths when loading XML files.
#. Remove ``FASTCDR_VERSION_MAJOR == 1`` related code.
#. Setting ``vendor_id`` on received ``CacheChange_t``.
#. GitHub repository management.

This release includes the following **fixes**:

#. Handle errors when setting socket buffer sizes.
#. Do not require ``PYTHON_VERSION`` to be defined in .bat files.
#. Use ``%*`` instead of ``loop`` in .bat scripts.
#. Set DataSharing in ``WriterProxyData`` and ``ReaderProxyData``.
#. Minor fix in ``DDSBlackboxTestsBasic.cpp``.
#. Fix PDP and EDP unittest compilation.
#. Fix ``AllocTest`` compilation.
#. Correct liveliness state in a multiple reader and one writer scenario.
#. Only apply content filter to ALIVE changes.
#. Fix compilation when building static library.
#. Properly delete builtin statistics writers upon ``delete_contained_entities()``.
#. Correctly initialize ``MatchingFailureMask`` constants to be used with the ``std::bitset`` API.
#. Change monitor service writer entity id.
#. Fix EDP build warning without security.
#. Fix compilation warning.
#. Fix discovery server not connecting due to ports logic.
#. Fix assertion in ``TopicPayloadPool::release_history``.
#. Fix topic interference on ``liveliness_changed`` status.
#. Fix typo in CMakeLists.txt.
#. Fuzzer regressions.
#. Address build issues for documentation and different platforms.
#. Solve ``SecurityManager`` memory issue.

.. important::

    When upgrading to version 3.0.0 it is **required** to regenerate generated source from IDL files
    using `Fast DDS-Gen v4.0.0 <https://github.com/eProsima/Fast-DDS-Gen/releases/tag/v4.0.0>`_.
